one thing that you need to know about yourself to lead a team is what
are your flaws and what your weaknesses are again. It's very easy to
know what your strengths are. But if you don't know what your weaknesses
aren't howto work on those and you're not gonna be able to improve
yourself, which in turn you're not gonna be able to improve your
team. Something that I have usually done is I'll sit down with the
group as a whole after we've really developed, like a good relationship
in a team culture. And I'll just ask the entire group, you know,
No holds bar. Tell me like it is, where where am I failing you or
how can I improve is your leader and actually get their opinion? You'd
be surprised the kind of things that you thought that you were doing
right, that you might be doing wrong in their eyes and then things
that you thought were a weakness personally, that they actually consider
a strength of that you're doing correctly. So you've got every
now and again sit down, have those candid conversations with your
team and let them tell you that the emperor has no clothes and then
take that criticism and work on it